[FLINK-34687][cdc][docs] Build the home page of Flink CDC documentation (#3156)
apache/flink-cdc: docs/content/_index.md

under the License.
-->

<div style="background-image: url('fig/index-background-header.png'); size:inherit; background-size: auto 100%; overflow: hidden">
    <div style="text-align: center">
        <br><br><br><br><br><br>
        <h1 style="color: #FFFFFF">
            Flink CDC
        </h1>
        <h3 style="color: #FFFFFF">

>             The streaming data integration tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            A streaming data integration tool
```
"The" feels like we are the only one lol

          <br>
          <p style="text-align: center; font-size: large">
            Flink CDC is a distributed data integration tool for real time data and batch data. 
            Flink CDC brings the simplicity and elegance of data integration via YAML to describe
            the data movement and transformation.
          </p>
          <br><br>
          {{< img src="/fig/index-yaml-example.png" alt="Flink CDC Example">}}
          <br><br>
    </div>
    <div style="flex: 1;">
    </div>
    <br><br><br><br> 
</div>

<div style="display: flex;">
    <br><br>
    <div style="flex: 1;">
    </div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 8;">
          <p style="color: #BF74F1; font-size: xx-large; padding: 0">Key Features</p>
    </div>
    <div style="flex: 1;">
    </div>
    <br><br>
</div>

<div style="display: flex;">
    <br><br><br><br>
    <div style="flex: 5%;"></div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 25%;">
          <p style="text-align: center; color: #BF74F1; font-size: large; padding: 0">Change Data Capture</p>
          <hr style="background-color:#BF74F1; width: 60%">
          <p style="text-align: left;">

>             FLink CDC supports distributed scanning of historical data of database and then automatically switches to change data capturing. The switch uses the incremental snapshot algorithm which ensure the switch action does not lock the database.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Flink CDC supports distributed scanning of historical data of database and then automatically switches to change data capturing. The switch uses the incremental snapshot algorithm which ensure the switch action does not lock the database.  
```

          </p>
    </div>
    <div style="flex: 8%;"></div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 24%;">
          <p style="text-align: center; color: #BF74F1; font-size: large; padding: 0">Schema Evolution</p>
          <hr style="background-color:#BF74F1; width: 60%">
          <p style="text-align: left;">

>             Flink CDC will automatically create downstream table using the inferred table structure based on upstream table. Flink CDC will automatically apply upstream DDL to downstream systems during change data capturing.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Flink CDC has the ability of automatically creating downstream table using the inferred table structure based on upstream table, and applying upstream DDL to downstream systems during change data capturing.</p>
```

    </div>
    <div style="flex: 8%;"></div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 25%;">
          <p style="text-align: center; color: #BF74F1; font-size: large; padding: 0">Streaming Pipeline</p>
          <hr style="background-color:#BF74F1; width: 60%">
          <p style="text-align: left;">

>             Flink CDC jobs run in streaming mode by default, providing sub-second end-to-end latency in real-time binlog synchronization scenarios, this feature effectively ensures data freshness for downstream businesses.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Flink CDC jobs run in streaming mode by default, providing sub-second end-to-end latency in real-time binlog synchronization scenarios, effectively ensuring data freshness for downstream businesses.</p>
```

    </div>
    <div style="flex: 5%;"></div>
    <br><br><br><br>
    <br><br><br><br>
    <br><br><br><br>
</div>

<div style="display: flex;">
    <br><br><br><br>
    <div style="flex: 5%;"></div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 25%;">
          <p style="text-align: center; color: #BF74F1; font-size: large; padding: 0">Data Transformation</p>
          <hr style="background-color:#BF74F1; width: 60%">
          <p style="text-align: left;">
            Flink CDC will soon support data transform operations of ETL, including column projection, computed column, filter expression and classical scalar functions.</p>
    </div>
    <div style="flex: 8%;"></div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 24%;">
          <p style="text-align: center; color: #BF74F1; font-size: large; padding: 0">Full Database Sync</p>
          <hr style="background-color:#BF74F1; width: 60%">

>           <p style="text-align: left;">Flink CDC supports synchronizing all tables of source database instance to downstream in one job, user can config the captured database list and table list.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <p style="text-align: left;">Flink CDC supports synchronizing all tables of source database instance to downstream in one job by configuring the captured database list and table list.</p>
```

    </div>
    <div style="flex: 8%;"></div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 25%;">
          <p style="text-align: center; color: #BF74F1; font-size: large; padding: 0">Exactly-Once Semantics</p>
          <hr style="background-color:#BF74F1; width: 60%">
          <p style="text-align: left;">
              Flink CDC supports reading database historical data and continues to read CDC events with exactly-once processing, even after job failures.
          </p>
    </div>
    <div style="flex: 5%;">
    </div>
    <br><br><br><br>
    <br><br><br><br>
    <br><br><br><br>
</div>

<div style="display: flex;">
    <br><br><br><br><br><br>
    <div style="flex: 1;">
    </div>
    <div style="text-align: center; flex: 8;">
          <p style="color: #BF74F1; font-size: xx-large; padding: 0">Learn More</p>
    </div>
    <div style="flex: 1;">
    </div>
    <br><br><br><br>
</div>

<div style="display: flex;">
    <br><br><br><br>
    <div style="flex: 1;">
    </div>
    <div style="text-align: left; flex: 3.5; width: 100%">
          <p style="text-align: left; color: #BF74F1; font-size: x-large; padding: 0">Try Flink CDC</p>
          <p style="text-align: left;">

>         Flink CDC provides a series of quick start demos without any dependencies or java code, only a Linux or MacOS computer with Docker installed is enough. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Flink CDC provides a series of quick start demos without any dependencies or java code. A Linux or MacOS computer with Docker installed is enough. 
```

        Please check out our <a href="docs/get-started/introduction">Quick Start</a> for more information.
         </p>
    </div>
    <div style="flex: 1;"></div>
    <div style="text-align: left; flex: 3.5; width: 100%">
          <p style="text-align: left; color: #BF74F1; font-size: x-large; padding: 0">Get Help with Flink CDC</p>
          <p style="text-align: left;">
            If you get stuck, check out our <a href="https://flink.apache.org/community.html">community support resources</a>. 

>                 In particular, Apache Flink’s user mailing list is consistently ranked as one of the most active of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                In particular, Apache Flink’s user mailing list (user@flink.apache.org) is consistently ranked as one of the most active of
```
